WRP-3673: Add a pack option `--content-hash` to support better caching (#322)
enactjs/cli: docs/building-apps.md

    enact pack [options]

  Options
    -p, --production     Build in production mode
    -i, --isomorphic     Use isomorphic code layout
                         (includes prerendering)
    -w, --watch          Rebuild on file changes
    -l, --locales        Locales for isomorphic mode; one of:
            <comma-separated-values> Locale list
            <JSON-filepath> - Read locales from JSON file
            "none" - Disable locale-specific handling
            "used" - Detect locales used within ./resources/
            "tv" - Locales supported on webOS TV
            "signage" - Locales supported on webOS signage
            "all" - All locales that iLib supports
    -s, --snapshot       Generate V8 snapshot blob
                         (requires V8_MKSNAPSHOT set)
    -c, --custom-skin    Build with a custom skin

>     -ch, --content-hash  Add the hash of the chunk

Reviewer: Please update the description with the latest one.
Let's move it to the top.

Author: OK

    enact pack [options]

  Options

>     --content-hash    Add a unique hash to output files based on the content of an asset

Reviewer: here also.
```suggestion
    --content-hash    Add a unique hash to output file names based on the content of an asset
```

    -s, --snapshot    Generate V8 snapshot blob
                      (requires V8_MKSNAPSHOT set)
    -c, --custom-skin Build with a custom skin

>     --content-hash    Add the hash of the chunk

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    --content-hash    Add a unique hash to output files based on the content of an asset
```

Author: OK

  webos-meta/
```

> ## [contenthash] Injection

Reviewer: This documentation describes not the `content-hash` option, but the inside code. Don't you think?

> ## [contenthash] Injection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Caching Support
```

Author: OK

> For supporting better [`Caching`](https://webpack.js.org/guides/caching/), Enact CLI provides `--content-hash` option to add a unique hash to each output file name based on the content of an asset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For supporting better [`caching`](https://webpack.js.org/guides/caching/), Enact CLI provides `--content-hash` option to add a unique hash to each output file name based on the content of an asset.
```

> For supporting [`Caching`](https://webpack.kr/guides/caching), Enact CLI supports adding the hash of the chunk. You can use the [`contenthash`](https://webpack.js.org/configuration/output/#template-strings) substitutions setting to define the names of your output files.

Reviewer: Don't use kr domain address, please.

Author: OK

> For supporting [`Caching`](https://webpack.kr/guides/caching), Enact CLI supports adding the hash of the chunk. You can use the [`contenthash`](https://webpack.js.org/configuration/output/#template-strings) substitutions setting to define the names of your output files.

Reviewer: I can't see `content-hash` option in this document. Please re-write it.

Author: OK

Building With this option should produce the following output:

```none
                       Asset       Size  Chunks                    Chunk Names

> main.7e2c49a622975ebd9b7e.js     544 kB       0  [emitted]  [big]  main

Reviewer: Please provide an example with css files and image files too.

Author: OK, 
image files are not shown on bash, so I will update css only

```

When the content changes, the output file name will change as well.
```none
        1.11 MB         dist/main.7544f55b64439c8d0f0e.js
        199.85 kB       dist/main.2088c66150ab73b27793.css
```

> > **NOTE** The filename `main.*.js` will be changed after bundling, without changes. This is because webpack includes certain boilerplate, specifically the runtime and manifest, in the entry chunk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE** The filename `main.*.js` will be changed after another building, even without making any changes. This is because webpack includes certain boilerplate, specifically the runtime and manifest, in the entry chunk.
```
